this is stretch who drive the limo
this is Roger an eccentric debaucherous
billionaire who hired stretch for a ride
this is a and this is Hollywood
California where stretch is banking on a
fake tip from Roger to pay off his
bookie by midnight fog made the only
thing standing in his way
his Candace the girl who broke his heart
into a million shaking pieces and Carl a
ghost the stretch concei and three
nymphomaniacs and Boris big
stretch and Charlie the co-worker with a
heart of gold
yeah and Roger again the FBI make
stripper titties a bouncer and this guy
an erupting liver with three filthy
Street hookers and a can of dayglo
orange spray paint make a French mobster
the cunning linguist the 405 the 101 the
severed penis too much cocaine the
paparazzi armed robbery et clown widows
Falcon hair this chick ends on the
Taylor an orgy fuelled drug raids
prepare a massive nutsack towtruck Jays
internet dating the son of a Roger
again fire a blue man whalers roaster
for kiddies and oh my sweet Jesus one
high-visibility neon yellow freeway
impact attenuator this is the movie
stretch and it's out there no really
it's out there go find it demand it
Jesus do we have to do everything for
you people idiots